Replace use of whitelist/blacklist with trigger/ignore (#196)
palantir/bulldozer: README.md

Additionally, `bulldozer` can:

> - Only merge pull requests that match a allowlist condition, like having a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only merge pull requests that match certain conditions, like having a
```

  specific label or comment

> - Ignore pull requests that match a denylist condition, like having a specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ignore pull requests that match certain conditions, like having a specific
```

  repository settings
* Branch protection rules are preventing `bulldozer[bot]` from [pushing to the
  branch][push restrictions]. Github apps can be added to the list of restricted

>   push users, so you can allowlist bulldozer specifically for your repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  push users, so you can allow bulldozer specifically for your repo.
```
